# Theme
The starter theme used for this website is [Underscrores](https://underscores.me/)

## Theme Features
#### Features: 
All of the styling can be found in the SASS folder of the theme and will require some sort of post processor to compile. Currently the default sass command (sass --watch sass:.) is used to compile all scss folders into a single style.css file in the root directory. <br>
If any new scss files are created, they must be added to the appropriate parent scss file (such as _base.scss, _components.scss etc) found in each folder via an import statement. <br>
All css is baked in to the defaults that are generated by the wordPress page editor such as default button classes etc so that custom classes need not be added unless very specific functionality is needed

## Theme layout
#### Menu Detail: 
The menu is a simple horizontal menu floated to the right of the page. Small lines have been added to the right of each menu item to further distinguish each item. All css regarding the menu can be found under sass/components/navigation/_navigation.scss.This menu is to be consistent across all pages
#### Footer Detail: 
The footer is a simple block at the bottom of the page with the same background colour as the body. The footer will contain social links as well as contact details such as phone number and address. Previously the site had a whole page dedicated to contact and location so this new layout will condense that. The footer is to be consistent across all pages
#### Sidebar Detail: 
It was decided that the theme would not feature a sidebar for simplicity
#### Content Detail: 
The goal of the site is to get new members to sign up to the club and therefore having a large call to action in the center is important

## Theme Design
#### Color Detail: 
The colors chosen for this theme are the original colours of the logo, black and gold. Dark colours suit the jazz genre, providing a more basement like feel. This can be changed in the sass/abstracts/variables/_colors.scss file. Variables are aptly named so finding the required variable should be easy
#### Design Detail: 
The target audience for this theme is generally older people so having accessibility and easy to read text is very important. 
#### Font Detail: 
The font chosen is googles Merriwaether and can be edited in the variables file under sass/abstracts/variables/_typography.scss by changing the $font__main variable with a new font that you have imported with the import tag above. This change the font for the body of the page, more specific fonts will need to be changed deeper in to the files. Font weights should be kept down for easy reading

# LINKS
[github](https://github.com/cp3402-students/cp3402-2022-1-site-team05.git). 
[staging server](http://54.206.45.130/wp-admin/about.php) 
[Underscrores](https://underscores.me/)
